Update dg (#72)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

_{more aspects and alternatives to be added}_

### Tag adding feature

### Implementation

> The tag adding mechanism is facilitated bt `TagAddCommand` and `TagAddCommandParser`.

Reviewer: `bt`?

Author: Hmm. Looks like my commit from my laptop didn't get through. I'll make the changes.

Additionally, The mechanism utilises the following operations in `UniqueTagList` and `UniquePersonList`.

> * `boolean hasTag(Tag tag)` - Checks if the tagList has the tag.

Reviewer: Both classes contains this method? If not, specify the class with #

Author: Oh. So that's how it works. Alright. I'll make the change

> * `void setPerson(Person target, Person editedPerson)` - Sets the same person with the new tag.

Reviewer: Ditto

Author: Done!

* 

These operations are exposed in the `Model` interface under the same method name.

> Given below is an example usage scenario and how the sorting mechanism behaves at each step.

Reviewer: `sorting`? Your copy-paste game quite weak, hahaha

Author: Oops. I was using yours as a reference.

Step 1. The user executes `tag add 1 t/friend` command to add the tag, `friend`, to the person indicated by the `INDEX`, 1.
`TagAddCommandParser` calls  `ArgumentTokenizer#tokenizeToList()` to separate the parameters of `1` and `t/friend`.

Step 2. The `tag add` command collects the list of persons shown, containing them in `lastShownList = model#getFilteredPersonList()`.

Step 3. The `tag add` command checks if the index is valid, calling `index.getZeroBased()`.

Step 4. The `tag add` command receives the person indicated by the index, containing it in `personToEdit = lastShownList#get(int index)`.

Step 5. The `tag add` command creates the same person with the new tag included, containing it in `editedPerson = createEditedPerson(Person personToEdit, Tag tag)`.

Step 6. The `tag add` command replaces the old person with the new, updated person, calling `model#setPerson(Person target, Person editedPerson)`.

The following activity diagram summarizes what happens when a user executes a tag add command:

(insert activity diagram here)

> #### Design considerations:

Reviewer: `Design consideration`, remove the `s:` so that this section looks nicer in the TOC

Author: I see. I have made the changes

**Aspect: How to implement tag add:**

> * **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Creates a new Person with the tag included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Creates a new `Person` with the tag included.
```

Author: Changes done!

>     * Pros: Prevents direct access into a Person's tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Pros: Prevents direct access into the tags of a `Person`.
```

Author: Done!

    * Cons: Potential error occurs if some form of duplication is allowed.

> * **Alternative 2:** Directly add the tag into the Person .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Alternative 2:** Directly add the tag into the `Person` .
```

Author: Changes made.

    * Pros: Easy to implement.

>     * Cons: Easy to access into a Person's tags. Could cause accidental bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Cons: Easy to access into the tags of a `Person`. Could cause accidental bugs.
```

Author: I made the changes.
